Updates to web app developer docs (#1064)
mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation: site/content/contribute/webapp/build-component.md

These requirements are discussed in more detail in the following sections.

## Designing the Component

The most important part of designing your component is deciding on what the props will be. Props are very much the API for your component. Think of them as a contract between your component and the users.

Props are read-only variables that get passed down to your component either directly from a parent component or from an `index.ts` container that connects the component to the Redux store.

How do you decide what props your component should have? Think about what your component is trying to display to the user. Any data you need to accomplish that should be part of the props.

As an example, let's imagine we're building an `ItemList` component with the purpose of displaying a list of items. The props for such a component might look like:

```typescript
type Props = {
    /**
     * The title of the list
     */
    title?: string;
    
    /**
     * An array of items to display
     */
    items: ListItem[];
}
```

> The `title` prop would control the string to display for the title, while `items` would be an array of the item objects we would like to display. Note that `items` is required while `title` is optional.

Reviewer: not exactly sure if this is correct (from my end), but it sounds as if it should be without the `for`

```suggestion
The `title` prop would control the string to display the title, while `items` would be an array of the item objects we would like to display. Note that `items` is required while `title` is optional.
```

Author: You're right that it sounds a bit weird with the for, but I think it's similarly weird without it. I think that's caused by the "would"s in that sentence. How does this sound instead?
```suggestion
The `title` prop is a string that's displayed as the title of the list, and `items` is an array of objects that make up the contents of the list. Note that `items` is required while `title` is optional.
```

If the selectors and/or actions you need don't yet exist in Redux then you should go add those first by following the [guide to adding actions and selectors](/contribute/redux/actions/).

Your `index.ts` and `item_list.ts` files will live together in an `item_list/` directory.

## Implementing the Component

> With the props defined and, if necessary, the container built, you're ready to implement the rest of your component. For the most part, implementing a component for the web app is no different than building any other React component. While older code tends to use class components which inherit from `React.PureComponent`, most newer code should use functional components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the props defined and, if necessary, the container built, you're ready to implement the rest of your component. For the most part, implementing a component for the web app is no different than building any other React component. While older code tends to use class components which extend from `React.PureComponent`, most newer code should use functional components.
```

Author: Just a slight tweak here since I don't think the "from" is needed if we switch to "extend"
```suggestion
With the props defined and, if necessary, the container built, you're ready to implement the rest of your component. For the most part, implementing a component for the web app is no different than building any other React component. While older code tends to use class components which extend `React.PureComponent`, most newer code should use functional components.
```

Our `ItemList` example might look something like this:

```tsx
type Props = {
    /**
     * The title of the list
     */
    title?: string;
    
    /**
     * An array of item components to display
     */
    items: ListItem[];
    
    actions: {
        /**
        * An action to remove an item from the list
        */
        removeItem: (item: ListItem) => void;
    };
}

export default function ItemList(props: Props) {

>     const title = this.props.title ? <h1>{this.props.title}</h1> : undefined;

Author: I've started favouring `undefined` over null since it makes typing cleaner in some situations like when typing function arguments since it avoids some awful type signatures like `Channel | undefined | null` that make me die a little inside. Ideally, JavaScript just wouldn't have two zero values for references, but this is what we're stuck with.

Ranting about JS aside, yeah, I can change this. Most people are probably more familiar with just using null everywhere, and that's better since this is an introductory doc
```suggestion
    const title = this.props.title ? <h1>{this.props.title}</h1> : null;
```

>     const title = this.props.title ? <h1>{this.props.title}</h1> : undefined;

Reviewer: haha, i feel ya ... there is a of discussion in the community at all times about the `null` vs `undefined` problem. I prefer to see it as if I define a variable manually I use `null`, since there is some intent in it.
